now this is the blessing with which
now this is the blessing with which Moses the man of God blessed the
Moses the man of God blessed the
Moses the man of God blessed the children of Israel before his death the
children of Israel before his death the
children of Israel before his death the Lord came from Sinai and dawned on them
Lord came from Sinai and dawned on them
Lord came from Sinai and dawned on them from ceará he shone forth from mount
from ceará he shone forth from mount
from ceará he shone forth from mount Paran and he came with ten thousands of
Paran and he came with ten thousands of
Paran and he came with ten thousands of saints from his right hand came a fiery
saints from his right hand came a fiery
saints from his right hand came a fiery law for them yes he loves the people all
law for them yes he loves the people all
law for them yes he loves the people all his Saints are in your hand they sit
his Saints are in your hand they sit
his Saints are in your hand they sit down at your feet
down at your feet
down at your feet everyone receives your words Moses
everyone receives your words Moses
everyone receives your words Moses commanded a law for us a heritage of the
commanded a law for us a heritage of the
commanded a law for us a heritage of the congregation of Jacob and he was king in
congregation of Jacob and he was king in
congregation of Jacob and he was king in Jeshurun when the leaders of the people
Jeshurun when the leaders of the people
Jeshurun when the leaders of the people were gathered all the tribes of Israel
were gathered all the tribes of Israel
were gathered all the tribes of Israel together
together
together [Music]
[Music]
[Music] let Ruben live and not die nor let his
let Ruben live and not die nor let his
let Ruben live and not die nor let his men be filled and this he said of Judah
men be filled and this he said of Judah
men be filled and this he said of Judah here Lord the voice of Judah and bring
here Lord the voice of Judah and bring
here Lord the voice of Judah and bring him to his people let his hands be
him to his people let his hands be
him to his people let his hands be sufficient for him and may you be a help
sufficient for him and may you be a help
sufficient for him and may you be a help against his enemies and of Levi he said
against his enemies and of Levi he said
against his enemies and of Levi he said let your thumb in and your urine be with
let your thumb in and your urine be with
let your thumb in and your urine be with your holy one whom you tested at Massa
your holy one whom you tested at Massa
your holy one whom you tested at Massa and with whom you contended at the
and with whom you contended at the
and with whom you contended at the waters of Meribah who says of his father
waters of Meribah who says of his father
waters of Meribah who says of his father and mother I have not seen them nor did
and mother I have not seen them nor did
and mother I have not seen them nor did he acknowledge his brothers or know his
he acknowledge his brothers or know his
he acknowledge his brothers or know his own children for they have observed your
own children for they have observed your
own children for they have observed your word and kept your covenant they shall
word and kept your covenant they shall
word and kept your covenant they shall teach Jacob your judgments and Israel
teach Jacob your judgments and Israel
teach Jacob your judgments and Israel your law they shall put incense before
your law they shall put incense before
your law they shall put incense before you and a whole burnt sacrifice on your
you and a whole burnt sacrifice on your
you and a whole burnt sacrifice on your altar
altar
altar bless his substance Lord and accept the
bless his substance Lord and accept the
bless his substance Lord and accept the work of his hands
strike the loins of those who rise
strike the loins of those who rise against him and of those who hate him
against him and of those who hate him
against him and of those who hate him that they rise not again of Benjamin he
that they rise not again of Benjamin he
that they rise not again of Benjamin he said the beloved of the Lord shall dwell
said the beloved of the Lord shall dwell
said the beloved of the Lord shall dwell in safety by him who shelters him all
in safety by him who shelters him all
in safety by him who shelters him all the day long and he shall dwell between
the day long and he shall dwell between
the day long and he shall dwell between his shoulders and of Joseph he said
his shoulders and of Joseph he said
his shoulders and of Joseph he said blessed of the Lord is his land with the
blessed of the Lord is his land with the
blessed of the Lord is his land with the precious things of heaven with the dew
precious things of heaven with the dew
precious things of heaven with the dew and the deep lying beneath with the
and the deep lying beneath with the
and the deep lying beneath with the precious fruits of the Sun with the
precious fruits of the Sun with the
precious fruits of the Sun with the precious produce of the months
precious produce of the months
precious produce of the months with the best things of the ancient
with the best things of the ancient
with the best things of the ancient mountains with the precious things of
mountains with the precious things of
mountains with the precious things of the everlasting hills with the precious
the everlasting hills with the precious
the everlasting hills with the precious things of the earth and its fullness and
things of the earth and its fullness and
things of the earth and its fullness and the favour of him who dwelt in the bush
let the blessing come on the head of
let the blessing come on the head of Joseph and on the crown of the head of
Joseph and on the crown of the head of
Joseph and on the crown of the head of him who was separate from his brothers
him who was separate from his brothers
him who was separate from his brothers his glory is like a firstborn bull and
his glory is like a firstborn bull and
his glory is like a firstborn bull and his horns like the horns of the wild ox
his horns like the horns of the wild ox
his horns like the horns of the wild ox together with them he shall push the
together with them he shall push the
together with them he shall push the peoples to the ends of the earth they
peoples to the ends of the earth they
peoples to the ends of the earth they are the ten thousands of Ephraim and
are the ten thousands of Ephraim and
are the ten thousands of Ephraim and they are the thousands of Manasseh and
they are the thousands of Manasseh and
they are the thousands of Manasseh and of Rebbe uhland he said rejoice
of Rebbe uhland he said rejoice
of Rebbe uhland he said rejoice Zebulon in your going out and it's a car
Zebulon in your going out and it's a car
Zebulon in your going out and it's a car in your tents they shall call the
in your tents they shall call the
in your tents they shall call the people's to the mountain there they
people's to the mountain there they
people's to the mountain there they shall offer sacrifices of righteousness
shall offer sacrifices of righteousness
shall offer sacrifices of righteousness for they shall be a of the abundance of
for they shall be a of the abundance of
for they shall be a of the abundance of the Seas and of treasures hidden in the
the Seas and of treasures hidden in the
the Seas and of treasures hidden in the sand and of God he said
blessed is he who enlarges God he dwells
blessed is he who enlarges God he dwells as a lion and tears the arm and the
as a lion and tears the arm and the
as a lion and tears the arm and the crown of his head he provided the first
crown of his head he provided the first
crown of his head he provided the first part for himself because a lawgivers
part for himself because a lawgivers
part for himself because a lawgivers portion was reserved there he came with
portion was reserved there he came with
portion was reserved there he came with the heads of the people he administered
the heads of the people he administered
the heads of the people he administered the justice of the Lord and his
the justice of the Lord and his
the justice of the Lord and his judgments with Israel and of death he
judgments with Israel and of death he
judgments with Israel and of death he said Dan is a lion's whelp he shall leap
said Dan is a lion's whelp he shall leap
said Dan is a lion's whelp he shall leap from bation
from bation
from bation [Music]
[Music]
[Music] and of NAFTA lie he said Oh NAFTA lie
and of NAFTA lie he said Oh NAFTA lie
and of NAFTA lie he said Oh NAFTA lie satisfied with favor and full of the
satisfied with favor and full of the
satisfied with favor and full of the blessing of the Lord possessed the west
blessing of the Lord possessed the west
blessing of the Lord possessed the west and the south and of a sure he said a
and the south and of a sure he said a
and the south and of a sure he said a sure is most blessed of sons let him be
sure is most blessed of sons let him be
sure is most blessed of sons let him be favored by his brothers and let him dip
favored by his brothers and let him dip
favored by his brothers and let him dip his foot in oil your sandals shall be
his foot in oil your sandals shall be
his foot in oil your sandals shall be iron and bronze as your days so shall
iron and bronze as your days so shall
iron and bronze as your days so shall your strength be there is no one like
your strength be there is no one like
your strength be there is no one like the god of just shirin who rides the
the god of just shirin who rides the
the god of just shirin who rides the heavens to help you and in his
heavens to help you and in his
heavens to help you and in his excellency on the clouds the eternal God
excellency on the clouds the eternal God
excellency on the clouds the eternal God is your refuge and underneath are the
is your refuge and underneath are the
is your refuge and underneath are the everlasting arms
he will thrust out the enemy from before
he will thrust out the enemy from before you and will say destroy then Israel
you and will say destroy then Israel
you and will say destroy then Israel shall dwell in safety the fountain of
shall dwell in safety the fountain of
shall dwell in safety the fountain of Jacob alone in a land of grain and new
Jacob alone in a land of grain and new
Jacob alone in a land of grain and new wine his heaven shall also drop you
wine his heaven shall also drop you
wine his heaven shall also drop you [Music]
[Music]
[Music] happy are you Oh Israel who is like you
happy are you Oh Israel who is like you
happy are you Oh Israel who is like you a people saved by the Lord the shield of
a people saved by the Lord the shield of
a people saved by the Lord the shield of your help and the sword of your majesty
your help and the sword of your majesty
your help and the sword of your majesty your enemies shall submit to you and you
your enemies shall submit to you and you
your enemies shall submit to you and you shall tread down their high places